Personal Statement for Masters in Computer Science/Engineering


I am applying for a Masters in Computer Engineering at McMaster University to build on my current level of knowledge and .
 My formal education in computer science started in high school where I was fortunate to attend an institution that enabled me to take a grade 11 and 12 level “Computer Engineering” class.It was a comprehensive course covering the scientific basis of computing, , C programming, Arudio micro-controllers and mechatronics. The course instilled in me a lasting passion for the world of computer science.
In 2014 I began my undergraduate computer engineering degree at Queen’s University. This was a challenging program that covered a base of computer and electrical courses. It was a formative experience that solidified my software development competencies, and gave me a full understanding, and familiarity with a wide scope of technological applications. A sizeable portion of the work was independent and team projects/labs which enhanced both myproblem-solving and interpersonal skills.
I would like to point out that I am not purely a technical student, but also enjoy other pursuits. For instance, I speak and write fluent French and play piano at a RCM Grade 8 level - I have kept my STEM pursuits balanced with other aspects of my life. I see my strength as someone with a diversified base of knowledge and always seek to fill in gaps in my education. Please refer to my CVs Education section, where I mention some of my recent studies in humanities (Queen’s BISC) and finance (HBX CORe) as well- the latter of which I completed just this summer as a three month long intensive online course covering financial accounting, economics, and business analytics. I have also been working on independent development projects, which I have documented on my GitHub page (link in CV). One of these is a Linux server that retrieves and handles tick data for crypto currencies, another is a hardware-based project where I built an Arduino controlled loop-pedal of my own design. think of another project you want to do in this time to mention
By building upon what I already have to establish an expertise in computing I can increase my value as a recruit in the industry. I believe this will also help me develop a clearer understanding of where I want to take my career. Your program…. discuss courses and academics of the institution
The compulsory modules seem very much in line with my ambitions, covering some material I am already familiar with or material I wish to learn more about - namely the subjects on high performance computing methods. As for the individual research project, I would be very enthusiastic to be in contact with the department or your industrial partners to seek out an area. 

If accepted I would also strive to take advantage of the opportunities for involvement that an academic environment like McMaster has to offer. I am actively seeking to join groups and participate in extra-curricular on campus for my post-graduate experience. ##cite some groups you found you want to join ## 

- To further my familiarity with computer systems, and learn the latest development techniques and methods. 
- would focus more on the distributed computing and data management aspects
- need conclusion